all right we are recording hi everybody
welcome to the Jay escort team weekly do
we have a volunteer note-taker Allen
beautiful thank you you can't do it have
you jumped in
I took over dahveed you took too long
I'm moderating now sorry trouble with
zoom right all right so yeah everybody
make sure you put your name on the list
looks like we have a couple new people
potentially here we'll go ahead and kick
off updates and then it looks like we
have a demo from Allen if we have time
do that the end and then we'll cover
questions as well so I'll go ahead and
start off last week did a lot of
retrospective and okay our work so
scoring okrs quarter and then preparing
for the new quarter there's a draft of
the Lib PDP okay ours I will link to
that you get to look at that I'm hoping
to get most of the comments back today
I'm gonna move that over into the
spreadsheet
tomorrow and then we can just do
comments from there I worked on some
testing of the data source
standardization error codes for JSI PFS
there's I think two outstanding poll
requests for that with JSI p FS and IP
FS m FS but that should resolve our
problems going forward there I've got a
couple of PRS out for delegator routing
time out defaults as part of making sure
that we're not spamming the delegate
nodes with requests that never time out
and then just submitted a PR to fix
stability builds that got merged in so
I'll do a pop fix release of that today
this week I'll be working on delegate
routing PRS the finished q4 okay ours
and then supporting anything that's
needed for the datastore update
and then I'll continue on with working
on finishing the lippy TB switch
incoming connection staging updates
anybody have any questions
everything sounds pretty solid to me I'm
super excited to see the delegate appear
auditing and content routing and like
overall like the LEP to Pierce which do
you like I know you plan to finish it
this week do you have a demo in mind
that you are also preparing at the same
time or is that not in your schedule for
the switch at all it'll depend on when
that gets done um but I'd like to you I
think the update to the PDP itself would
be pretty quick and so i ideally like to
get that or we can do the various states
spinning from that but i think it will
be tight with all the OPR stuff this
week to get that one gonna make sense
no other questions and Volker
I am so I've been working as the past
few weeks on grafting there has been a
bit of good discussions on the requests
with with the original draft so if you
want to follow it over there and I'm not
blocked and I were working on this stuff
but I also will do some IPL D project
maintenance because I'm you do the
grousing stuff yeah I still need to like
the releases clean up things get things
into shape so I will mix this up with a
few little bit of crafting stuff and
then I will hopefully finally record my
foss4g talk that I've planned to record
for the past two weeks
hopefully you'll happen this week yes so
everyone we can an idea about like how
to use if this 4gu data that's all
tell me so I have two questions I'll
start with the one it should be quicker
what do you mean by recording your
foss4g town I believe you spoke at the
conference like you have to record your
talk separately yes the problem is not
all talks were recorded at the
conference and mine wasn't recorded okay
so you can record so that we have a
watchable version that's cool on
grassing I know that there's like a lot
of discussion in the spec and you
mentioned that like the prototype might
be out of date already I would like to
propose one thing is there like any
prototype of graphs Inc he's always like
workable with a TFS so that we can like
grab all the use cases present like what
they do I've been doing and and have
real tests on the network I'm not sure
if the trance sub I believe that's the
norm of the module is ready for example
to touch to Giuseppe FS and and give it
to better or so that he can pass it on
fear bad stuff for example yeah so so
it's not so I saw originally like like
like half a year ago I had a version
which worked with I filled with IPs
but it didn't work out so well so this
current version only works with only p2p
and but the plan certainly is to
basically get it as soon as possible in
five FS but it's still like yeah in the
future sometime Ellen hey yeah I it's
not so much question but I would really
like some more visibility over what's
like what you are working on graph sync
because I feel like you've been doing
the same thing for quite a while now and
I like I haven't seen anything yet and
I'd love to see some of the stuff that
you are doing so yeah like any kind of
demo or like like a pre-recorded video
or something of it and even if it's like
halfway finished that's just some of the
things that could do or something like I
just don't feel I have any visibility at
the moment and I'd love to love to see
it and would be rad and it's not so much
a question or a request yeah yeah yes
this the biggest issue is that basically
every two weeks it changes what it
actually is
so so I'm finally clearer on what it
would be like but yeah that's okay every
two weeks an update would be rad the
process you you're going through or
you've been through so far we just I
think it's I think everyone else would
as well okay motivated to keep working
on it on it too right if other people
are looking at it and go wow that's rad
it needs this or like can it do that and
you're gonna get some feedback straight
away and be a bit more motivated to keep
keep going keep truckin keeps with and
actually finish it so yeah alright
thanks epidural so unlike in the same
vein I would actually really like to see
so you said that it's changed a bunch
like in all this time I would actually
like to see those changes and why
because a lot of those changes probably
speak to fundamental like architectural
issues that we're going to run into
later and it would be nice to know kind
of the reasoning of like oh we tried
this we're going to go down this route
but actually it won't work or won't
scale to this for whatever reason I
definitely I think help us out a lot
later
getting a lot of that reasoning for all
of these like rabbit holes that we went
down that like ended up not working out
would be super valuable yeah so only on
the PR which is linked there is the the
recent update of the rabbit hole I went
into an widen birth so I can follow up
there a bit yeah all right pit row
that's really exciting what even if it's
just lit be to be I would like to take
take to use that that that protocol at
least attempted to choose just to sink
multi logs across devices
so we which we talk after because that I
have like to use cases right now for for
it and I think it could be a good
traveler to test testing Sutton's yeah
cool yes so also if someone has a use
case or even thinks he has a use case
always and surely if it is one there
please get in touch with me because I
Curley also don't have enough II use
cases so that's great
thanks that's too great for you
great thanks Walker a next up Vasko
hello so last week I worked in the
retrospective in Dhaka our planning then
I started looking at the awesome ditch
endeavor I basically realized the
current PRA I studied found several bugs
and then I started creating the PRS for
fixing those bugs then I also continued
making some tests for the DHT interrupt
and I've also found some problems there
I will probably take this week but I
didn't have time yet then I also made
two small parts for ending the new
Lattisaw reactors that Jacob implemented
I'm still blocked on the IP and stuff
and there is also PR for Jessica fest
blog for review that we will be needed
for the
mmm fest CPR that Jacob did then for
this week I will fix the feedback
available for my block peers light also
created a pair for the right FS HTTP
response module integrating the CID
and I still have to review it and
release and then I will keep working on
the DHT and the DHT interrupt the most I
can and it's dead for me any question
question just going to say that there's
a lot of stuff happening but this is
awesome
I'll I'll try to get to these PR to give
you some feedback make sure that you're
not blocked I'm not sure if this is like
a technical design or code review that
you never jump to it I've been like
jumping here and there and having
converse with you through some peers
giving some suggestions I think we are
in sync on dos right or yes it's more
ideas where I'm blocked
then the hdhd I'm okay at least for now
yeah and so I P&S right now works
locally so we can like right
to the data store and I explode and read
the records then we have happiness over
pub/sub is that like 90% complete or is
it blocked right now I have all the
peers with the implementation working
completely it's just trouble yeah I
still have to make some tests because I
have another pair which fixes the
interoperability problem for local that
was introduced because I think it's a
problem that will also occur with the
DHT because the goal appear to be
records in the GS the peer to peer
records are different for both and
that's one of the things that I want to
get into this week
awesome yeah I was going to say like if
the interrupt was already there like I
would also suggest to record a demo
because that's going to be super
exciting to see a penis names getting
propagated across website like it will
also give Pedro and all the people that
are building tabs on top of ipfs a lot
of new ideas
[Music]
alright alright yeah I went as a hand go
for it yeah sorry I just say I'm
blocking vasco woman on that particular
fix I haven't had a second to review his
PPR so and I wanted to actually talk to
him and I did ask class cool last week
but then I never around to it so maybe
tomorrow we can talk and whenever you
went tomorrow it's okay for me right
okay I'll ping you great awesome and
Alan up
I can't I'm just terrible at this so
right so okay the beginning of my week I
got sucked into some ipfs postmessage
proxy issue for ipfs companion and they
had a bug report that was saying that
adding files in Firefox was super slow
and like adding a two Meg file in
Firefox took nearly 20 seconds and in
Chrome it takes you know like half a
second and so I had I just had to fix
that but I because I haven't looked at
the proxy for a whole bunch of time I
had to kind of bring it up to up to
scratch first so this is sucked up a
bunch of my time not related to kind of
core dev jest stuff anyway that I've
tracked down a problem I released a new
version of the proxy that's now in IGFs
companion so the bug solved and that
that's well that done and then the rest
of my time this week was spent doing
finish I hope nearly things enough work
on the cid base pull request which adds
a CIA base option to ipfs commands it's
almost finished I just need to write a
couple of tests not a couple of the few
tests and and then it should be ready
for like a look through at least and
then I was off on Friday so it was kind
of a short week for me so I didn't get
done get a lot done I'm sorry anyway so
next up is yeah I need to review some
IPS pr's like I know Alex and a keychain
PR and I want it I've been wanting to
look at his repo config PR for a long
time as well
and then yeah I wanted to finish off
that CID base pull request but also do
the do ok are planning and also do some
presentations for that as well this week
so this is going to be a big week for me
and I'm on holiday next week so yeah
burn cool any questions
all right like I guess done a question
awesome always amazing work and I guess
I could one of the things that eyelid is
also asking everyone is like if you have
anything and you nice to back make sure
to do it as soon as possible because it
is not going to be around until your
question so perhaps like if you have
like a an issue or a pill request review
that T that needs is a view like just a
game or I know Senate drive see Alan can
can tell you the the way that he prefers
to receive requests otherwise you will
be blocked for by twigs quick and Alex
so the P all I had open about array
types and generators for documentation
got merged yeah so that's fixed a bug in
that which is great I most Jacobs pirata
MF s but it's awaiting some work to be
done on the main chair ipfs because of a
module release started refactoring M
come on I profess to transfer modules
between workers using C IDs at the
moment it's all MF s space which is
great and it worked but it's kind of a
cheat because because everything's done
by pods you can't just get it from
another machine which kind of sort of
defeats objective using my KF som ree
fracturing it to you see IDs as well as
part which will be really cool tell you
how stuff unblocked on a storage
solution for NPM on my PFS in in the
deployments at the moment we have a
bunch of docker containers running
workers for for the app and they only
have a finite amount of storage which
will no doubt run out when I'm asleep
and people are using it in CI and then
it would be really tedious when that all
falls over so there's a peer open for
converting it to use the s3 data store
which should hopefully yeah you know
negate some of those problems so next up
the manner finish doing this refactoring
and then I want to start looking at this
this idea of an IEP MPM install command
so instead at the moment with NPI my PFS
either use the public registry mirror
kind of thing that we've got or you spin
up a demon on your a machine and then
start like doing NPM stuff which is fine
but there's quite a high friction so
just having a command that kind of
basically in there is how NPM does
install but it will do all this kind of
plumbing stuff in the background for you
and Pullo is in from my PFS which will
be awesome it's a real shame that we've
got like you know everything some
acronym like NPM because it just makes
try to come up with names for these
commands really hard you know something
you're not gonna trip over when you're
saying I mean no problem
that's gonna be me any questions wanna
be first to become the default registry
that we catch our awesome work there I
heard that we are getting a peanut soon
so we can start publishing the route -
of the registry again so see like take a
look at that because it's coming I got
it already support if and emlib vests
can still support both be personal
entity Fessenden's you can i play with
both i have that feature ready so that
when that when done just because you
just like who John is just calling that
feature another thing they like kind of
like right now we kind of have to spin
these NPM on ipfs daemon to use as the
registry endpoint but the reality if
this is me divergent into this I don't
work but I want I don't want to go there
I just want to point the idea which is
the reality is empty install kind of
like hooks for just like regular paths
and so it would be great if we could
expose the NFS folder to that normal IP
fest gateway because then he'll develop
a fest he's just like a module that
fetches models from NPM and puts them on
a manifest but then any nodes can be an
install point in via registry
for the NPM CLI like you just crossed my
mind today think about it
MF s should be exposing all through that
people's gateway that's it
any any other questions for Alex Michael
yeah did you get a chance to look at the
tink thing that NPM put out just a
really flaky yeah yeah they just did
like a blog post about it but basically
they're experimenting with like an
entire new way of doing package installs
and relating to the registry and I just
want to make sure that like as the sort
of future of how all this stuff works is
in flux that we're not you know into
like bound forever to the older model
yeah bringing up perhaps second yeah I
think I think that's we can make cement
there alright no other questions and
Google hey guys just to complete the
thing the guys from yarn also have
similar idea
so they both publish their work this
week or the week doing so lately similar
I get worketh yeah yeah so I'll continue
with the work so then I managed to fix
some problems with the stream HTTP the
one crash in chrome that is the root
cause for all those issues we have like
100 megabyte file crashes chrome is
fixed and I'm just waiting for the pull
request on sim HTTP to be merged and
then I'll even to make the others the
other Cup you guys so they to the
see another thing is about serviceworker
it's about the streams and not being
able to use fetch or HML HTTP requests
inside service calls and stuff that's
fixed but it's not shipped yet I didn't
make the port quest yet but it's working
also did retro and planning for the okie
ours I got back to the missing tie fire
for the big data stuff it's already -
just making the like core instances
connecting to other types of instances
or demons or whatever and also stuff
running inside the serviceworker that's
pretty much done I just need to finish
up some stuff and push it to the to eat
up and also I'm still blocked on the IPF
SETI shanks ad and also on the ipfs if
you guys can go there and reveal that
stuff would be great the chrome fix is
also these or requests are just
extracted so the guys from the companion
can ship stuff faster if we can just
merge that's the simpler pollock quest
my they have like the shells files new
app they are releasing that needs this
fix I also have a couple of other peers
that are blocking me but just minor
stuff for documentation on CTL also
don't know what to do about the bridge
and pure ID stuff if there it can help
me out here if I should just release CTL
without that and just revert it or just
ship it like it is now because I would
like to really isn't need this if you
would a new version of the API and other
stuff and also this week thinking you
were
hang on examples for GSM FSA oh and
hopefully she the all the stuff related
to stream HTTP and what are the tests
and one has any questions yeah I follow
up on your questions for me
so the pre gen IDs were shipped they are
there like you can use a flag to say
that you don't want to generate ideas on
the fly that like basically makes
cloning and ipfs nodes either Jess or go
way faster because we're not to like to
the RSA dance that curl'd was tested we
just profess to make guests faster if
there is no problem I'm not sure if you
like pointing out that there is a
problem with the current module or if it
isn't but if there is no problem I think
you should realize it and we should get
it on just a BFS API and just be best
because it will like cut the test time
significantly so explaining and better
this the situation is there's not
actually a flag you just like if he is
the on disposable mode it runs through
the code path using Prashant IDs but I
run a basic benchmark and it does
basically nothing or in terms of
performance or speed gains or whatever
that's where my concern is interesting
okay so there might be some problem
because generating large keys as we
always like one of the main places where
the time is spent so so yeah those are
tests so let's make sure that those are
improved okay yeah I said that I have an
issue I don't know his name the guy that
made that for requests already write
much yeah so I think he's just i
probably working on it but helping him
again so we can get their things off so
so yeah if they there is no other
feature that people are looking for no
need for release there is another
feature what you can consider realizing
otherwise let's get it fixed first the
rest on sounds good like we are now one
time I'll just like go very quickly to
my update basically I've been doing like
okay our dance all over the place and
preparing IP fest days and thinking
about the girl core hack week that's
going to happen in Honda and and so my
time has been sucked by all those like
planning management things I've spent
some time making sure that I got to all
the pre quests that account for my
attention that's where I got the chance
to give something back to Bosco keep
ringing me if you need my help
[Music]
Pedro can you ask your so this is like
my bit I guess I'd known as questions
because it's pretty simple I'm not
announcing exciting things as everyone
else said planner Pedro you have a
question do you want to push your
question though yeah I'm not sure it's
the right forum but it is to know well
today
two people thought to me about problems
with WebSockets tar bottle night being
the bottleneck off of pierced are based
apps and and so is that there's a
rendezvous protocol or RC that has been
open for some time I know there's a
chicken-and-egg problem in the
implementation I would like if there is
possible to have an update on that and
what are the plans and whether I can
help to unblock something or if there's
any something else that that's blocking
this I see
I need to jump up to the next call but I
ask Peter can by the way who started the
recording okay so it's like okay I'll
watch the remaining minutes okay thank
you all seen around the interwebs and
you can continue by so with the
rendezvous
RFC there is a few comments in the
proquest have to be adjusted in the
spectrum itself none on the on the go so
and there is incrementation and there is
also a testing server you can use and
there is a JavaScript implementation but
it seems to be a bit inefficient and it
has like it's kind of over engineered at
this point I think you can take a look
at it it should be I'm gonna repeat the
only me section is anyone working on it
that as far as you know I think mkg -
yeah okay I'll ping him anyway so I want
to make the best effort to move this
forward Thank You Victor alright and
we're out of time does anybody have any
last-minute questions yeah
just a request for Alan as he is going
to be away for a while please find some
time to review my pull requests the guys
from the web browsers are really excited
about it but until it shifts its we can
do nothing so it's just that thank you
okay I will take a look this week
all right and we will go ahead and end
it there everybody have a good week and
we'll see you in the okay our meetings
bye-bye